#summary This page will guide you through the basics of template creation.

= Introduction =

As of version 0.4.0, a template system is integrated in the directory browser. This system enables you to easely switch between templates, and to create your own. Thanks to the MVC structure, it is not required to know PHP to create a new template. This page will guide you through the basics of template creation.


= Details =

All templates can be found in the folder includes/templates/, in wich includes represents the name of the BN+ Directory browser system directory. One of the folders in this directory is _devellopers_template, wich contains all the files you need to create a new template.

> body.php
	This php file contains the xhtml structure of the template. 
	Php can be used according to the MVC conventions.
	Please use stylesheets for layout data.
	
	Avaible variables in body.php
	> All configuration variables, in the array $config[] (see config.php)
	> An array with the directory contents, $contents[]
		> $contents["name"]:		The name of the file or directory
		> $contents["url"]:		The url of the file or directory 
		> $contents["icon"]:		The path to the icon
		> $contents["modifiedDate"]: 	The data on wich the item was modified
		> $contents["size"]: 		The size of the item
	> An array with the directory data, $data[]
		> "directory_url"		The url of the directory 
		> "directory_valid"		False when an error occured
		> "directory_error"		Error type
		> "directory_size"		Total size
		> "directory_amount"		Directory amount
		> "directory_parent"		The url of the parent directory
		> "directory_has_parent"	False when in root
		> "directory_sortBy"		Name, date or size
		> "directory_sort"		Ascending or descending
		> "root_url"			The url of the root direcory
		> "sort_name"			The url to sort on name
		> "sort_date"			The url to sort on date
		> "sort_size"			The url to sort on size
		> "file_amount"			The amount of files
		> "login_visible"		Gets if the user can login
		> "logout_visible"		Gets if the user can logout
		> "logout_url"			The logout url
		> "directory_path"		The path of the directory

> style.css
	This css file contians the styles for both the template and the overall view.
	Multiple stylesheets can be used to create sub-templates.